[Music]
so you want to be like mr. Spock and do
mind-melds with people and uncover what
they're thinking well you don't need to
be a Vulcan to do that here are 16
psychological secrets to read minds in
five minutes oh and you don't need to be
a clairvoyant to read people's minds
either if you want to read others like
an open book all you have to do is pay
attention to their body language
after all it's said to contain more
information than a person's words
themselves keep watching for all the
psychological tips and tricks you'll
need and be sure to hit that subscribe
button and ring the notification bell to
join us on the bright side
number one observe their appearance what
are they wearing if they look more
polished this person is probably there
to impress is their style more casual
this could mean that they're relaxed
revealing clothing can be a sign that
they feel the need for attention and
like pushing boundaries the answers to
these questions are your first clues you
can figure out someone's intentions
simply by observing their clothing
number to notice their posture when
someone is puffed up and a little too
confident this could mean a big ego as
for those who are a little more
indecisive and deflated they probably
have a low self-esteem and a real lack
of self-confidence if a person simply
holds their head high they've got pure
confidence
number three watch their physical
movements pay attention to where
someone's body is leaning we usually
lean toward things we like and away from
things we don't as this person crossed
their arms and legs you got to know this
one by now it's the defensive body
language of someone who is trying to
protect or distance themselves and the
final bodily movement is to look for lip
biting lip biting usually indicates that
a person is trying to sue themselves
because they feel under pressure or
awkward it can also show romantic
interest
OhLaLa number four examine their face
where are their wrinkles most pronounced
if they're frown lines are exaggerated
it could mean lots of worry or stress
this person has probably had a tough
life or a lot of responsibilities at
work both of these factors can have a
real impact on a person's character
crow's feet usually mean a lot of
smiling and Happiness this individual is
probably a joy to be around pursed lips
usually indicate anger or contempt and a
clenched jaw means tension more often
than not number five listen to your gut
if it growls loudly that indicates
hunger so head on over to the hors
d'oeurves otherwise have you ever had a
negative reaction to someone you
literally just met you can thank your
gut feeling for that generally speaking
our gut can sense the things that are
beyond the obvious so if yours is
telling you something is just off about
a certain person you might want to take
the hint
and it's not always a bad gut feeling
either sometimes you can have an
inexplicable good feeling about someone
of course
our intuition isn't 100% calibrated so
it's a good idea to factor in other cues
when reading someone number six
recognize the chills this reaction is an
important component of our internal
people reader meter also known as our
intuition or gut feeling anyway we
usually get the chills or goosebumps
when someone moves us strikes an
emotional chord or inspires us however
creepy people in situations can also
make the hairs on your neck stand up you
number seven look out for flashes of
insight during interactions you might
have a flash of insight about a person
that hits you out of nowhere beware of
these sudden alerts they can be critical
in helping you figure someone out number
eight look for emotional empathy humans
as social creatures are programmed to
have empathy it's the instinctual
reaction of feeling something that
someone else is feeling whether it's a
friend that's grieving a loss or one
that's celebrating some victory you just
can't help but feel with them too if
someone shows empathy or alternatively
lacks it it can be either a really good
or a really bad sign number nine
beware of their vibe does someone lift
the energy in a room or bring it way
down do they have a creepy vibe maybe
it's a guy that stares at you for too
long or steps too far into your personal
space without your permission
most of the time creepy people don't
even understand social cues then again
some of them just don't care especially
if you've tried to establish a boundary
and they continue to cross it again and
again then you might confront them
directly with something like a man
you're harshing my vibe or maybe not
number 10 observe their eyes do they
make eye contact if they don't they
could be trying to hide something or
perhaps they're just shy
do they have kind and caring eyes these
eyes also sort of smile and you're able
to see compassion in them they connect
with you in a good way as for me nice
they're usually squinting a little bit
mean eyes are completely devoid of any
compassion and are hard to connect with
note the gut feeling you get when
looking into someone's eyes this will
give you a good indication of their
intentions number 11 if there's physical
contact analyze it does their handshake
or hug feel warm and inviting or does it
make you feel like you want to run for
the nearest exit speaking of handshakes
they're practically a language in and of
themselves a hand with sweaty palms
most definitely indicates nervousness of
course there's the limp and we can't
shake which usually means the person has
low self-esteem the hand crushing one
tends to come from someone who feels
they need to dominate the situation and
then there's the one that feels like a
hug where the person shakes your hand
with both of theirs body language
experts say that this type is a
deliberate attempt to show more
affection and strengthen one's
relationship with another person
number 12 listen to their tone remember
it's not just what you say but how you
say it
tone is everything if it's cold and flat
the person is trying to create distance
if it's warm and sweet they're trying to
get closer the tone of voice can
literally set the tone for the
relationship number 13
look for physical barriers we tend to
subconsciously put up barriers between
ourselves and others we may place our
purse on a chair or table as a sort of
wall between ourselves and someone else
but this person is usually someone we
don't know or don't feel comfortable
with if someone has built a sort of wall
between you then chances are they're not
your biggest fan number 14 watch their
hands if a person hides their hands this
is usually a sign that they're hiding
some ill intention or lie while seated a
person might do this by placing their
hands on their lap under the table and
while standing up or sitting down you
might see them place their hands in
their pockets or behind their back if
someone has their hands under their chin
then this gesture is usually associated
with decision making the person is doing
this is trying to choose between one
thing and another number 15 notice what
they touch a touch of your hand can
easily make you feel connected to
someone but that's a very slippery slope
if one person feels uncomfortable with
physical contact and in a professional
environment it's a flat-out no no in
most companies
if they touch or scratch their neck
they're likely insecure about something
constantly rubbing their nose is a
notorious cue that someone is lying or
otherwise trying to be deceptive
of course this person might just have a
really itchy face but chances are slim
number 16 look at their feet
ooh nice shoes the feet are said to be
the most honest part of the body so if
it seems like your conversation partner
is listening to you but their feet are
pointed towards the door you should know
that they're actually thinking about how
they can get the heck out of there
and here's a fun little tidbit
according to dr. judith Orlov a
professor of psychology at UCLA when
people cross their legs they tend to
point the toes of the top leg toward the
person they are most at ease with so
basically check that their Tootsie's are
pointed in your direction hey have you
ever noticed any common unspoken
gestures in yourself or in others let us
know down in the comments don't forget
to give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life